Xsup 55756 msg fetch incidents wrap filter in parenthases (#41257)
demisto/content: Packs/MicrosoftGraphSecurity/ReleaseNotes/2_2_35.md

#### Integrations

##### Microsoft Graph Security

- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/crypto:1.0.0.4834757*.

> 

Reviewer: Please add rn for the fix as well

Author: added, please review

> - Fix a bug where multiple serviceSource supplied, the query filter is broken. The fix will use the $in operator instead of $eq with AND

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where supplying multiple *serviceSource* values caused the query filter to break. The fix now uses the `$in` operator instead of combining `$eq` with `AND`.
```
